BRGY. CAMP 7
Baguio City, Philippines

Good Governance Advocacy

“UNITY IS THE KEY TO SELF-RELIANCE”

HEALTH AND NUTRITION

VISION
“A healthy barangay maintained through sustainable health and nutrition programs with the active participation, cooperation and support of the community as well as government and non-government sectors.”

MISSION
“The Camp 7 nutrition council is organized to implement health and nutrition programs geared toward the promotion of a healthy lifestyle for all barangay constituents.”

POLICE STATION 8 CONTACT NUMBERS:
	424-26-81(landline)
	09985987758

SENIOR CITIZENS
	TIPS ON GRACEFUL AGING
Recognize that there’s always someone up looking unto what you 
do… Be prayerful.
Go out with young people and maintain a circle of friends. 
Do everything in moderation.
Have a healthy diet - low fat, low salt, more vegetables and fruits.
Exercise often… walking is the best.
Learn to relax… appreciate nature.
Keep busy; keep on learning.
Learn to manage stress.
Do not smoke cigarette/tobacco.
Do not drink alcoholic beverages and no to the use of dangerous drugs. 
Go for regular medical checkup with your doctor.

THE TEN COMMANDMENTS OF SENIOR CITIZENS
	
Let us face it and accept it we are getting old, or we are already old. Let us face it’s consequences and limitations.
Focus on enjoying life not on indulging or accumulating material things. 
Plan and Spend what you saved. You deserve to enjoy it and the few healthy years. Travel if you can afford it. Do not leave anything for your children or loved ones to quarrel about. Instead of helping, you might be the cause of trouble when you are gone. 
Live in the here and now not in the yesterdays and tomorrow. It is only today that you can handle. Yesterdays are gone and tomorrows may not even happen.
Enjoy your grandchildren but not their full time baby sitter you have no moral obligation to take care of them. Do not have any false guilt about this, your obligation to your children is finished. 
Accept physical weakness, sickness and other physical pains. It is all part of aging process. Enjoy whatever your health can give you. 
Enjoy what you have and what you are now. Stop working hard for what you do not have. I you do not have them, it is too late.
